# Our Networks 2019 Check In - 11 Nov 2018

:date: **Date:** Wed, Nov. 14, 2018 @ 6:30-8:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`appear.in/ournetworks`](https://appear.in/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:family: **Attendance:**  
- garry
- ben
- sarah
- dc

# Agenda

1. Outstanding TODOs
1. Feedback Review
1. 2019 Availability
1. 2019 Hopes and Dreams

# Notes

## Outstanding TODOs

- Finance, email TMAC (sarah to wrap up)
- Mailing list  (dawn to pick up)
- https://github.com/ournetworks/2018/issues/125
- Updating youtube descriptions (sara)
    - https://github.com/ournetworks/2018/issues/87
- Website archiving (how do we handle marking different releases?):
    - https://github.com/ournetworks/ournetworks.ca/pull/82
    - One review on 2017-banner?
    - Naming: give it the name of the year
- TODO: think about redirect strategy (a lot there)
    - First pass: top level 2017/ and 2018/

## Feedback Review

- 5 survey responses, small sample size
- Spent some time looking through responses together, doesn't appear as surprising?
- Technical not enough? and art content polarizing?
- How would we categorize the talks as technical or non-technical?
    - benhylau: I think Grant & Jenny's talk is one of the least technical talks expected from some audience that expected a more technical conference
- How does this reflect on the CFP? The way we see the structure time?
    - Unstructured time?
    - Parallel tracks?
- Some of the feedback-- could that be expanded on?
    - Thinking about format, persistence through event (e.g. art making from Yami-Ichi through to Sprints)
    - Parallel tracks for art/tech heavy sections?
- Were the feedback questions helpful?
    - We drew from other peoples feedback guides (thanks Public Lab!), maybe there are things that we didn't get at because we would have to tailor more to do so
    - Ben: aligns with how we got other feedback

## 2019 Availability

- garry: Do we want to time things according to other events?
- sarah: not great/exhausting?
- dcwalk: can we avoid stacking? (Jun--Pegah May--Berlin; Radnets--endOct/earlyNov; mid-Nov MozHealth)

- Thinking 2019 broadly:
    - Jun (dawn can't)
    - Jul (benhylau: last week of july?)
    - Aug (dawn: think this is tricky with vacations)
    - Sep-Nov (garry: teaching; sarah: lots of events)
    - Dec (dawn: would veto)
- Next step: surfacing options... polling

- Imagining 6-8 month planning cycle (So May 2019 onward)

- benhylau:
    - In Toronto most of the first 8 months of 2019 (end August)
    - Have capacity to do Our Networks stuff throughout 2019
    - Can do AV
- garry:
    - Teach in fall
    - Interest!
- sarah:
    - After March 2019 plans unclear
    - Conference season Sep-Nov
    - Not based in Toronto, might impact availability of types of organizing
- dc:
    - I'm in Toronto 2019
    - Anticipate shift in work June on, Proposal prep until June
    - Gnarly: Jun, Oct(ish)
    - Let's do this!

## 2019 Hopes and Dreams

- Have some outdoor component, building towards "Our Networks Camp" _infra_
    - Start building things that help making networks outdoors?
    - Future: Our Networks a p2p conference networks outside
- Meta-conference: OS conference planning materials
- Prototyping "self-owned technologies" as opposed to venue
    - e.g., getting space, being in city?, finding space to life
- Applying for Arts Council funding (some type of arts event-- tactically... not necessarily a "big event")
    - 6 month lead time
- Start thinking about continuity? How can we have outputs from conference that engage people from the conference in an ongoing way?
    - e.g., lasting relationships from tech community? <- maybe some kind of persistent chat?
    - creating an environment? <-- doing this better
- Transcribing!
- Multilingual, searchable presentations!
- Scheduling our duties during the conf before the conf
- Better photographic documentation (commissioned? vol'n?)
- Better sales table/planning
- BETTER CLUB MATE!
- Having it in a space where the space becomes more of... BE ONE WITH THE SPACE
- Workshops tech for beginners network focused (recuit)
- More "unconference" style stuff
- "Building an event that we could walk away from it someday(tm)"
    - Invite more organizers
    - Thinking about organizers in our community of peers? invite from volunteers
    - All agree an extra organizer or two would be helpful


## TODOs

- [ ] FIRST: Start building a commune
- [ ] Collect period suggestions set up
- [ ] Mid-Dec in-person meeting before end of year! Time of year short list, Organizers, Meetups!
- [ ] Collector on Themes, Hopes and Dreams
