# 2019-06-14 A/V call for Our Networks 2019

:date: **Date:** Friday, June 14, 2019 @ 8:00-9:30pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:family: **Attendance:**
- Elon
- Yurko
- Hank
- Ben
- DC

## Agenda

- Go over https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/33
- Discuss people's commitments and amount of time
- New live stream features
    - IPFS stream code changes & updates
    - Translations
- Discuss equipment
- Elon's reachout to professional livestream crew
- Discuss post-processing & graphics
- Budget
- Deadlines

## Notes

- Livestreaming again like last year, Internet and IPFS, publish after
- Load-in on 19th, 20-22 conference
- Expect single stream but unconfirmed while CfP is ongoing
- Current submissions: https://github.com/ournetworks/2019-submissions/issues/
- All prefer single stream
- All available for full conference:
    - Yurko: easy
    - Elon: easy
    - Hank: easy
    - Ben: help before and after, like last year
    - Dawn: not monitoring stream
- Recruit volunteers?
    - Dawn has volunteered as AV helper at conferences
    - Make tasks more modular
        - Training day-of
        - 3-4 people at a time
            - OBS operator
            - Mixer operator
            - Mic operator
            - Camera operator (stretch goal)
    - Last year felt chaotic, too many cooks
        - Have a lead per shift (authorized a person to make decisions at time slot)
- Translations:
    - Supporting audio translation is probably easier (new stream)
    - Out-of-band text stream (stretch goal: over peerpad!)
    - CCC crowdsources live translation captioning
- Upload process:
    - Waiting for final hash and having to publish entire archive was annoying
    - VCR built into player
    - IPNS is broke af, this makes Hank very sad
- Things on site need to be rented, we have:
    - "BASE" package at venue
        - Podium
        - Mixers
        - 1 Mic
    - 3 Screens
    - Additional mic 
    - More venue stuff https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/39#issuecomment-499888549
    - Ethernet
    - Our two capture cards are fine
    - Some sort of "video" mixer/switch
        - Would be nice to it mix in the audio into the HDMI feed
    - Speakers
    - Cameras? (see if we can get someone to provide for free)
        - SDI?
        - :money_with_wings: maybe?
    - Tripods (Dawn has a professional one)
- Hank wants setup where video and audio streams are separately recorded for post-processing
    - Propose an "ideal" and "budget" setup
- Hank estimates time it takes to post-process each video is ?
- We have load-in day already booked and can leave equipment on site
- Hiring:
    - Will not book crew that isn't available for full duration
    - Volunteer-run livestream is valuable and we hope to keep it
- We are going to the masters of post-production, this is more ambitious than most conferences
- Graphics:
    - Hank: when can I work on it and have them approved?
        - After registration launches in July
    - Hank: new intro, new lower thirds, new music
- Budget for paying people
    - Hank: don't feel it's super important, not asking for money for this work
    - Dawn: Our Networks uses honorarium model for paying people traditionally
    - Hank: Split honorarium :moneybag: for AV team
- Shall we cover cost of [Alexandria](https://alexandria.tomesh.net)

## TODO

- [ ] Come up with roles (before event)
    - [ ] Teaching doc
- [ ] Recruit AV helpers (way before event)
    - [ ] Anticipate to need X volunteers
- [ ] IPFS livestream code changes 
    - [ ] Pure nginx ([PR and tasklist](https://github.com/tomeshnet/ipfs-live-streaming/pull/76))
    - [ ] Tagging chunks live and tweet (stretch goal)
    - [ ] Improve player stream selection UX (e.g. default to one stream if other is not available)
- [ ] Yurko get capture cards to verify
- [ ] Hank to propose AV recording setup (July 1st)
- [ ] Hank to produce a video ahead of time to get time estimate on post-processing
- [ ] Mid-July design jam on AV graphics and audio (August)
- [ ] Hank to produce stream and video graphics (August)
- [ ] Consensus between organizers and video team on expectations ahead of conference (quick chat after walkthru)
- [ ] Discuss Our Networks coverage of Alexandria
