# 2019-03-16 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, Mar 02, 2019 @ 1:00-2:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:**

- Dawn
- Garry
- Ben
- Sarah

# Agenda

- March Meetup
- Organizer Travel
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
  - Venue Update
  - Website Check-in
  - Budget
  - Sponsorship
  - Grant Debrief (Prep for next one?)

# Notes

## March Meetup

- Community group presentation + garry intro
- Livestreaming flow from CivicTech (patcon), experiment with linking that to IPFS livestreaming
- Plan one or two more and then have a sit down with patcon to debrief on organizer flow

## Organizer Travel

- Ben: Remote
    - Apr: SFO, BCN
    - May: HKG
    - Jun: YYZ? then SFO
    - Jul: SFO then YYZ?
    - Aug: YYZ?
    - Sep: YYZ
- Sarah: Remote
    - Poor availability in May (on and off)
    - Mid August in the mountains no wifi (2nd-12th)
- Dawn: Remote
    - Jul: 1-2 weeks EU ??
    - Sep: 5 days US Conf
- Garry: Remote
    - Jul: Somewhere, SF??
    - Early Aug: Bad Internet (Mostly AFK)

- Revisit meeting schedule?
    - 2/mth throughout Apr-Jun
    - Jul busy for at least a couple folks
    - End JUL before break important to connect
    - Last week August (August 20 on) meet regularly until load-in

## Venue Update

- Agreement back with Jennie for update, the modification to notes section:
    - Exhibition/conference installation Sep 19, 10am-6pm
    - Exhibition open daily, Sep 20-24, 10am-6pm
    - Conference Fri-Sun, Sep 20-22 (extend to Friday based on interest!)
    - Kickoff Fri Sep 20 with alcohol (format likely similar to last year)
- Dawn to follow up this week

## Website Check-in

- Support us
    - amts fine: $15 stickers! $30 tote! 
    - Dawn generate paypal thing
    - updates to page: layout of tiers, tote image why?!
- Revisiting dweb publish flow
    - homebase instance
    - https://hashbase.io/
    - publish flow
    - mid-April to July
    - Ben is interested in learning this and helping with automation, related:
        - [Toronto Mesh thing](https://github.com/tomeshnet/mesh-services/issues/1)
        - DWeb Camp needs website published to Dat and IPFS

## Grant Debrief

- Next grant, Sarah looking into shortly, application prep, confirming we meet requirements
- No deadline, rolling acceptance
- Is flow async work and then meeting to finalize?

## Sponsorship

- Draft package:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IGuBnd3O1CnICe8baFD8WSF9cWZjjls5-6zE8qCEDEM/edit#heading=h.ofdcikls6w3z
- Nice to start reaching out with date and venue posted
- CFP before official push? (align with social media push)
- Some friendly potential sponsors incl. Mozilla before CFP?
- Possibly relevant [CIRA meetup in Toronto March 20](https://cira.ca/newsroom/events/cira-meet-toronto-0)

## Budget

- Draft budget:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vNI_1LzYn8_36MxNLmlIxAJSqyLfilyhDQ7qI4I9l70/edit#gid=0


## Upcoming 

- Existing sponsor outreach
- Look and feel, aspirational vibing
- CFP check-in

# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]

- [ ] Dawn to follow up this week on venue
- [ ] Ben to sort livestreaming with patcon for March 28 meetup <-- dc: we discussed trackin on gh issue once I followed up
- [ ] Dawn update readme and calendar with new less tentative dates
- [ ] Garry to tell ben about dweb publishing & automation (end-April)
- [x] Dawn move over the p2p issue in 2018 repo
- [ ] Sarah to set up next grant doc
- [ ] Sarah to check on grant results deadlines
- [ ] Sarah review sponsorship package
