# 2019-09-12 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Thursday, September 12, 2019 @ 17:00-18:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:**
- ben
- sarah 
- garry 
- dc

# Agenda

- Old Business
    - [x] garry: Set up cart for USD 250 and order end of week latest
    - ~ben: Get a mesh lightning talk section on the website~
    - [x] sarah: social media mailing list sheet, done wed Aug 28 (up to Sep 9)
    - [x] sarah: Sep 4 screening plan nailed down
    - [x] garry and ben: work on sticker testprint and final order
    - [ ] garry: ER for test print
    - [ ] ben: ER for swag, A/V gear
    - [ ] el: twitter announce childcare once locked down
    - [x] el: get RPi from ben for zine library catalogue
    - [ ] dc: draft second email to mailinglist for registration, announce keynote
    - [ ] dc: make buttons again second week Sept?
    - [ ] dc: update the program website with climate strike  
    - [x] dc: ryan email about scholarships
    - [x] dc: call OFA person
    - [x] sarah: send out screening emails
    - [ ] sarah to confirm Biyi: projecting, presentation of site, using a RPi + monitor
    - [ ] source a long arm stapler
        - sarah: look for long-arm stapler Sep 18
        - (maybe): buy a long-arm stapler if needed
    - [ ] el: to follow up with Melisa Prieto
    - [ ] dc: 
        - Extend lightning talks aft slot 30 mins
        - Move up closing remarks 15 mins (17.45 / 17.30)
    - [x] sarah: email Farhad 
    - [x] sarah: email Biyi
    - [x] ben: register zoom 
    - [x] ben: set up Matrix channel
    - [ ] sarah: tweet about matrix channel 
    - [ ] garry, ben: update livestream page with tweet button, matrix link 
    - [ ] dc: update the program website with climate strike
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
    - Registration and Advertising
    - A/V
    - Screening
    - Exhibition (Equipment)
    - Swag Production, Onsite
    - Accessibility
    - Kickoff Party
    - Website 
    - Keynote Panel
    - Zine Library (parked)

# Notes

- Registration 
    - 92 folks, over $3000
    - would be good to get ~25 more folks
    - #todo dc: email to presenters FRI
        - some tickets remaining, share public parts in your networks
    - #todo dc: email round about free events, civic tech slack FRI
    - #todo garry: update handbill with free stuff for digital sharing THURS
        - keynote
        - screenings
        - zine library
- Tested meeting with Zoom link, feedback:
    - #todo ben: change to "Our Networks" host name 
    - Set up standing event for conference, "join before host" and pw protect
- A/V
    - Create long-running meeting "room" over duration of conference (password protected and allow join before host)
    - Rent A/V equipment
        - #todo ben: create Our Networks org account with vistek and book equipment
        - Should we get a general insurance policy?
            - https://mitchellwhale.com/event-liability-insurance/
            - https://www.gearpolicy.ca/
            - https://www.palcanada.com/index.php/en-us/policies/event-hosts/special-events-liability
    - #todo ben: Draft email to 4 (remote) presenters (recordings + tools + rundown)
        - Zoom (Google Hangouts as a fallback)
        - File transfer: share a link, use [wetransfer](https://wetransfer.com)
        - Confirm time!!
    - Hank buying camera gear (unclear how this is being reimbursed)
    - Discuss live player plan
        - #todo garry: website updating around tweeting (see [reference](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/106))
    - #todo dc: to get formal quotes + coverage from general insurance
    - A/V setup 2 pm on Thursday, vistek rentals Thurs/Fri depending on Hank
- Screening
    - 2/4 confirmed from artists, will do another follow up
    - 2 emails we didn't get back to about screening
        - wait to hear back form those invited
        - we review materials
        - if space -- follow up
        - if no space -- deadline, next year
    - #todo sarah?: add to website by weekend
    - #todo sarah to send first follow up email to TMAC and mention screen
    - permitting
        - #todo OFA response?
        - #todo sarah revision to art installation words
        - #todo dc: send email to andrea at city of toronto FRI
- Exhibition (Equipment)
    - Just waiting on TMAC question
    - Still need to send email to artists
        - Thursday 13-18
        - #todo sarah: email exhibited works set up
- Swag Production, Onsite
    - #todo ben: to bring stickers, shirts (A/V gear)
    - #todo lock down pickup
        - dc ask jules FRI
    - #todo dc: thrift store run SUN
        - $5 guideline, no more thatn cost of blanks ($9 this year)
    - #todo dc: add to program calendar?
- Accessibility
    - #todo dc: childcare (and email?)
- Kickoff party
    1. all in one handled by brewery
        - patcon 
        - tmac?
        - cold calling
    2. ask someone to bartend (revenue share with minimum)
        - we buy alcohol
    3. we do it :(
        - we buy, we serve
    - #todo ben reach out to ceit
    - #todo dc ask patcon 
    - #todo dc ask other breweries?
- Keynote Panel
    - 1 yes, 1 no, 2 followups
    - more hustling required :(
- #todo ben: set up next meeting on Zoom

# TODOs

- [ ] garry: ER for test print
- [ ] ben: ER for swag, A/V gear
- [ ] el: twitter announce childcare once locked down
- [ ] sarah to confirm Biyi: projecting, presentation of site, using a RPi + monitor
- [ ] source a long arm stapler
    - sarah: look for long-arm stapler Sep 18
    - (maybe): buy a long-arm stapler if needed
- [ ] el: to follow up with Melisa Prieto
- [ ] dc: 
    - Extend lightning talks aft slot 30 mins
    - Move up closing remarks 15 mins (17.45 / 17.30)
- [ ] dc: email to presenters FRI some tickets remaining, share public parts in your networks
- [ ] dc: email round about free events, civic tech slack FRI
- [ ] garry: update handbill with free stuff for digital sharing THURS
- [ ] ben: change to "Our Networks" host name 
- [ ] ben: create Our Networks org account with vistek and book equipment
- [ ] ben: Draft email to 4 (remote) presenters (recordings + tools + rundown)
- [ ] garry: website updating around tweeting (see [reference](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/106))
- [ ] dc: to get formal quotes + coverage from general insurance
- [ ] sarah?: add to website by weekend
- [ ] sarah to send first follow up email to TMAC and mention screen
- [ ] OFA response?
- [ ] sarah revision to art installation email draft
- [ ] dc: send email to andrea at city of toronto FRI
- [ ] sarah: email exhibited works set up
- [ ] ben: to bring stickers, shirts (A/V gear)
- [ ] lock down pickup
- [ ] ben: to bring stickers, shirts (A/V gear)
- [ ] lock down pickup of onsite screen dc ask jules FRI
- [ ] dc: thrift store run SUN
- [ ] dc: add screenprinting to program calendar?
- [ ] dc: el followup on childcare (and email?)
- [ ] ben reach out to ceit
- [ ] dc ask patcon 
- [ ] dc ask other breweries?
- [ ] sarah: tweet about matrix channel 
- [ ] dc: update the program website with climate strike
- [ ] ben: set up next meeting on Zoom
