# 2019-02-09 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, Feb 09, 2019 @ 1:00-2:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:**
- @dcwalk
- @benhylau
- @garry
- @sarah

# Agenda

- Previous Business
    - Sarah? Garry? Follow up with Rad Nets
    - [x] dcwalk: Chat with Phil more
    - [x] dcwalk: Pegah?
    - [x] dcwalk: distrbute budget
    - [ ] dcwalk: prep milestones for editing
- New Business
    - Theme
    - Arts Grant
    - Timeline / milestones
        - Review 2018 calendar
    - Budget
    - Sponsor
    - Collaborations
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
- Other Business

# Notes

Recall from last week:
- Things we agreed to:
    - Whole event in same space as goal
    - Larger audience than last year
    - Wanting mix of un-programmed and programmed time
        - un-conference elements
    - 2.5 // 3 days "programmed" with
    - "unprogrammed days" seem neat:
        - gallery/exhibition?
        - unconference stuff
        - "load in" / site set up
        - "NOC" debrief (kinda like battlemesh)
    - Last weekend Sept. **Saturday 28-Sunday 29**

- Venue
    - TMAC conversation-- would need to follow up soon
    - Other venues?
        - Array Space
        - Space? (too small)
        - Warehouse space on geary

## Theme

- Chatted in [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12o3Nkqy3eJGD5xqr-D_uuSy-nfsJ55jmcVTPcjjvT-I/edit#)

## Arts Grant

- Grant first deadline Feb 21

- Collabs
    - Tech and Rev (dcwalk)
    - Zine thing? Phil and O1's collaborator
        - interested in mutual aid / collaborate but a little later in the year
        - collab in applying to art grant?
        - TMAC is set up as a gallery, makes sense to do an exhibition
    - Dweb
    - Pegah June event?
        - benhylau interested in doing a connection
    - Radnets
        - Ideas:
            - sister conferences
            - link to each other
            - free tickets
            - initiate event that concludes in Fall?
            - funding conversations (concerns about our organizational status)

## Timeline / milestones

- 2019 timeline:
    - 01/15 Kickoff call (-36) 
    - 02/15 Theme and dates announced (-32)
    - 03/01 Sponsorship packaged, firm budget (-30)
    - 03/22 CFP posted, website relaunch (-27)
    - 03/22 Space booked (-27)
    - 04/01 conference open hour #1 (-25)
    - 05/01 2019 website relaunch, marketing materials (-21)
    - 05/15 conference open hour #2 (-19)
    - 06/01 keynote speaker(s) (-17)
    - 06/01 CFP closes (-17)
    - 06/15 registration launched (-15)
    - 07/01 submission decisions (-12)
    - 07/25 schedule posted (-9)
    - 08/25 Venue Walkthrough (-4)
    - 09/01 conference open hour #3 (-3)
    - 09/25 Load in (-0 weeks)
    - 09/28 Our Networks 2019 (W39)

- Recall 2018 timeline: 
    - 07/13-18 Our Networks (X)
    - 07/12-13 Load in (-0 weeks before)
    - 07/11 venue walkthru (-0)
    - 05/29 schedule posted (-6)
    - 05/21 registration launched (-7)
    - 05/15 submissions dec'ns (-8)
    - 05/07 CFP closes (-9)
    - 05/02 2019 website relaunch, marketing materials (poster) (-10)
    - 04/17 "Open hour #2" (-12)
    - 03/24 "Open hour #1" CFP questions (-16)
    - 03/24 2018 site launch (-16)
    - 02/28 space secured (-19)
    - 02/28 CFP posted (-19)
    - 02/24 budget prepared, sponsorship package (-20)
    - 02/18 theme finalized (-21)
    - 02/01 kickoff call (-23)

## Next call

- Maybe call around arts grant?
- March 3

# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]

- [ ] benhylau: to follow up with Pegah
- [ ] dcwalk: reach out to TMAC with September dates
- [ ] all: review [theme doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12o3Nkqy3eJGD5xqr-D_uuSy-nfsJ55jmcVTPcjjvT-I/edit#) and confirm date this week
    - [ ] goal: of end of week? check in on signal/
- [ ] garry: website more cleaning
- [ ] sarah: follow up with radnets, email?
- [x] benhylau: take over transferring notes to github task
