# 2019-09-09 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Monday, September 9, 2019 @ 17:00-18:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:**
- sarah 
- dc 
- benhylau
- garry
- el


# Agenda

- Old Business
    - [x] sarah: [Exhibition equipment sourcing](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/97)
    - [x] sarah: Set up screening voting
    - [ ] garry: Set up cart for USD 250 and order end of week latest
    - [x] garry: Send sarah png export of stickers
    - [x] dc: Confirm next co-work as zine library push
    - [ ] ben: Get a mesh lightning talk section on the website
    - [ ] sarah: social media mailing list sheet, done wed Aug 28 (up to Sep 9)
    - [x] dc: submit screening park permit
    - [ ] sarah: Sep 4 screening plan nailed down
    - [ ] garry and ben: work on sticker testprint and final order
    - [ ] garry: ER for test print
    - [ ] ben: ER for swag, A/V gear
    - [ ] el: twitter announce childcare once locked down
    - [x] ben: look into zoom / A/V Q&A
    - [x] sarah: coordinate with dc before emailing TMAC RE: exhibition equipment
    - [x] dc: add events to toronto sites if not added
    - [x] dc: email U of T school contacts
    - [x] dc: email folks about environment
    - [x] dc: draft environment page
    - [x] dc: invites for mayfirst panel
    - [ ] dc: draft second email to mailinglist for registration, announce keynote
    - [ ] dc: make buttons again second week Sept?
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
    - Registration and Advertising
    - Screening
    - Exhibition
    - Swag Production, Onsite
    - Accessibility
    - Keynote Panel
    - Kickoff Party
    - Website 
    - Zine Library

# Notes

- Registration and Advertising
    - Event Value: CA$2945.00
    - Total Sales: 88
    - Scholarships:
        - 2-4 already
        - [ ] dc: ryan email about scholarships
- Screening
    - [ ] dc: call OFA person
    - [ ] sarah: send out emails
- Exhibition (equipment)
    - [Sarah's letter to TMAC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11dG5vVZ5vA2ckJlHmEvoLYmRhAtlFRea-kqGOriR10g/edit?ts=5d753a9e) 
    - Zine Library: "We’re also going ahead with the zine library in the front gathering space as discussed, that will be open to anyone. We were hoping to take you up on the offer of the couch and mounting racks/shelves from DMG as well as using the TMAC [copier] for folks to “check out”/copy zines."
    - Biyi's work:
        - [ ] sarah to confirm projecting, presentation of site, using a RPi + monitor
- Zine Library
    - Tiny Tech Zine Fair (LA) to advertise in their slack
    - Planning, starting to populate zines to print in Nextcloud folder
        - [ ] dc: to eventually print
    - E.L. doing outreach, [tracking in a pad](https://hackmd.io/f45ESvMqTICG1_pR0TEDLA?edit)
    - Library catalog/terminal
        - Just like [Zach's](https://coolguy.website/projects/dat-zine-library/#how-it-works) and presentation generator
        - RPi + SD Card
        - Raspian (not lite)
        - Beaker 
        - npm
    - TMAC equipment confirmed through Sarah
    - [ ] source a long arm stapler
        - [ ] sarah: look for long-arm stapler Sep 18
        - [ ] (maybe): buy a long-arm stapler if needed
    - TODOs discussed earlier: 
        - [x] EL: to follow up with zinesters
        - [ ] sarah: to email TMAC re: logistics including photocopier from Gamma Space, possibly the RaspberryPi/Monitor for DAT zines/digital zines
        - [ ] Figure out what zines to print (see [this issue of zine research](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/52)) -- make a NextCloud folder of PDFs to be printed after review
            - Cutoff of zines on the 15th 23:59EST
            - Printing will happen on 16th or 17th
        - [ ] dc: set up Sep 8 nextcloud for zine sharing, el acct.
        - [ ] el: go decision on how to set up computer terminal
    - Schedule/Program
        - Potential reschedule of mesh lightning hour
            - Use earlier slot, 10 mins incl. 
        - Potential reschedule of Kirill's talk
            - Wait on it before modifying schedule
        - Dealing with remote presentations
            - Farhad&Biyi -> 8 minues MAX video, no Q&A
                - [ ] sarah: email Farhad 
                - [ ] sarah: email Biyi (this does not appear to be working)
            - [ ] dc: 
                - Extend lightning talks aft slot 30 mins
                - Move up closing remarks 15 mins (17.45 / 17.30)
- Accessibility
    - el: Put out a call on Facebook for childminders
    - dc: finally hear 
    - Covering Transportation Costs?
        - $320 + ceiling $40 transportation costs
        - sarah: paying for travel time
        - ben: what about a flat fee?
    - [ ] el: to follow up with Melisa Prieto
        - Ask what their practice is for no-shows, including transportation fees
        - How they're coming to conf (TTC? Taxi/Uber?)
- A/V
    - For remote sessions: Pay for Zoom, make Matrix channel, Twitter
        - dc: encourage folks to use hashtags on Twitter?
        - [ ]: ben register zoom 
        - [ ]: ben set up Matrix channel
        - [ ]: sarah: tweet about matrix channel 
        - [ ]: update livestream page with tweet button, matrix link 
- Swag Production, Onsite
    - garry: got credit, let's pay for expedited shipping!

- Keynote Panel
    - dc: only one panelist responded yes, will keep hustling (phew)
- Social Media 
    - sarah: announce climate strike on twitter! tweets written!
    - [ ] dc: update the program website with climate strike  

Topics bumped to next call:
- Kickoff Party
- Website 



# TODOs

- [ ] garry: Set up cart for USD 250 and order end of week latest
- [ ] ben: Get a mesh lightning talk section on the website
- [ ] sarah: social media mailing list sheet, done wed Aug 28 (up to Sep 9)
- [ ] sarah: Sep 4 screening plan nailed down
- [ ] garry and ben: work on sticker testprint and final order
- [ ] garry: ER for test print
- [ ] ben: ER for swag, A/V gear
- [ ] el: twitter announce childcare once locked down
- [ ] el: get RPi from ben for zine library catalogue
- [ ] dc: draft second email to mailinglist for registration, announce keynote
- [ ] dc: make buttons again second week Sept?
- [ ] dc: update the program website with climate strike  
- [ ] dc: ryan email about scholarships
- [ ] dc: call OFA person
- [ ] sarah: send out screening emails
- [ ] sarah to confirm Biyi: projecting, presentation of site, using a RPi + monitor
- [ ] source a long arm stapler
    - sarah: look for long-arm stapler Sep 18
    - (maybe): buy a long-arm stapler if needed
- [ ] el: to follow up with Melisa Prieto
- [ ] dc: 
    - Extend lightning talks aft slot 30 mins
    - Move up closing remarks 15 mins (17.45 / 17.30)
- [ ] sarah: email Farhad 
- [ ] sarah: email Biyi
- [ ] ben: register zoom 
- [ ] ben: set up Matrix channel
- [ ] sarah: tweet about matrix channel 
- [ ] update livestream page with tweet button, matrix link 
- [ ] dc: update the program website with climate strike 
