# 2019-07-28 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sunday, July 28, 2019 @ 18:00-20:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:**
- garry
- dcwalk

# Agenda

- Old Business
    - [ ] dc: tech + rev email
    - [x] garry: setup poll on time for co-work
    - [x] dc/sarah: email speakers, deadline for confirming July 21 (july 23)
    - [x] dc: bpt again -- is ben still keen? : $25 / $60 / $110
    - [ ] dc: to do the first pass on program content July 28-29
    - [ ] eloisa and garry: website design
    - [ ] sarah: screenprinting quotes (incl. sugar bomb from last year?) 
    - [x] garry: create overprint designs 2019
    - [x] garry: create 2019 stickers and buttons
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
    - Design Deliverables
    - Program / Presenters
    - Registration

# Notes

## Design Deliverables

- Swag **mid-July**
    - Summary:
        - Print 2019 stickers
        - Make 2019 buttons
        - No decision on reprinting shirts
        - Explore self-printing (possible suggested donation)
    - Overprint 2019 design
        - https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/67
        - 1 side, final feedback from folks, lock-in design by Aug 1
    - "Our Networks" from last year
        - front side same; back side 2019 version of sponsors
    - #todo screenprinting quotes (incl. sugar bomb from last year?). Options per above:
        - just 2019 screen on-site (incl. other materials)
        - general run (general screen; 2019 sponsors/back): black shirts general ONLY 20 more: B3001 S:4 M:8 L:4 XL:2; new totes (20)
        - materials:
            - buy some new shirts (20 max?), canvas for radical square to pin to stuff
            - buy/donate some old shirts (think abt cost structure)
            - buy ink and equip? (rent equip?)
        - pricing:
            - bring your own shirt: by donation for screenprint
            - use one of our shirts/totes: floor: cost of material+donation
            - pre-printed shirts/totes: same as 2018: $20 shirt; $15 totes
    - #todo: garry... poke us: end of this week we have to dial in swag designs 
    - Stickers? Buttons/pins?
        - https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/68
        - Assumption around stickers getting printed
        - Buttons same design with accent colour from 2019
        - print stickers first, get sample, stickermule again? https://www.stickermule.com/ca/products/sticker-samples. colour match orange on top
        - #todo ??? ask stickermule for donation
        - #todo dc make buttons again first week Sept?
        - #todo garry update to buttons / stickers with construction/brick outlines

- Poster: garry has thoughts, will make a first pass and share
    - #todo garry add qri (confirmed), infura, CSS
    - #todo garry remove "/conference" URL and revise scholarship sentence
    - #todo dc: email qri RE: logo, also CSS logo
    - notes from TMAC: 
        - "For signage, the digital screen is 16:9 and oriented vertically. If you have a couple of images I can put them in a slide show, or show the schedule + a sponsor slide – it’s really flexible (it’s just a chromebit showing a web page) so just let me know what you want to do.
        - Our metal sign holders are adjustable and can hold any size sign up to 7 feet tall. Just be sure to get it printed on something sturdy as they are tension mounted. You have 72” by 46” on the landing wall if you want to put up a vinyl there."
    - goals: handbills / 11x17 / etc... first version ready to post by registration launch (Aug 5)
    - #todo: garry also do scaled 11x17 version
    - #todo: dc first round printing
- Social Media sharables (insta; twitter)
    - gif for twitter?
    - square for instagram?
- Branding (banner -- youtube; twitter; scuttlebutt) **mid-July**
    - 780px x 300px for scuttlebutt banner
    - gif totally on-brand
    - #todo: garry to do an update on assets in artwork repo
    - #todo: dc to update twitter + youtube
    - #todo: dc make scuttlebutt gathering

## Program / Presenters

- Program menu item; Schedule (?); Sessions; Presenters
- Registration: 
    - streamlined version of 2018 --> link in to BPT with most info on our site
    - talked about it on homepage, unsure
    - more into, some sticky call out on homepage, menu item only on secondary pages 
- Drop support us from menu
- Handling data file:
    - nested as "edition" 2018; 2019
    - remove the orga session types from 2018
- Summary #todo dc
    - data file
    - populate program + menu
    - copy for registration on mainpage

## Registration

- Alternatives? Payment Processing?
    - "The Gathering" (incentivized, didn't really work)
    - "The Happening" (too alpha)
- "True cost" $90 per attendee if we target 150 attendees.
- #todo dc make bpt page

# TODOs

- [ ] sarah: screenprinting quotes (incl. sugar bomb from last year?). 
    - [ ] dc: confirm with sarah, able to get quotes, or who she wanted quotes from?
- [ ] sarah: coc stuff
    - [ ] dc: still able to do CoC stuff?
- [ ] garry: poke us: end of this week we have to dial in swag designs (overprint, buttons, stickers) 
- [ ] ???: ask stickermule for donation
- [ ] dc: make buttons again first week Sept?
- [ ] garry: update to buttons / stickers with construction/brick outlines
- [ ] garry: poster: add qri (confirmed), infura, CSS; remove "/conference" URL and revise scholarship sentence
- [ ] dc: email qri RE: logo, also CSS logo
- [ ] garry: poster also do scaled 11x17 version AUG 1
- [ ] dc: first round poster printing AUG 5
- [ ] garry: to do a branding update on assets in artwork repo
- [ ] dc: to update twitter + youtube
- [ ] dc: make scuttlebutt gathering
- [ ] dc: first pass August update for website (program+registration)
- [ ] dc: make bpt page for registration
