# 2019-07-13 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Saturday, July 13, 2019 @ 13:00-14:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:**
- garry
- eloisa (not whole time)
- ben (not whole time)
- sarah
- dcwalk

# Agenda

- Old Business
    - [ ] dc: tech + rev email
    - [x] sarah: email Erica 6pm ET deadline
    - [x] dc: update speaker email drafts
    - [x] dc: update spreadsheet with status of proposals
    - [x] sarah: first pass schedule
    - [ ] garry: draft keynote invitation (confirm in signal with ben before sending)
    - [x] dc: cursory review of form tech
        - form to acceptance acceptance
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
    - programming check-in
    - communicate decisions to people
    - budget revamp
    - design check-in
    - plan to get us to August (timelines on schedule up, registration launched)
    - zine library planning

# Notes

## Design Deliverables

- Social Media sharables (insta; twitter)
- Branding (banner -- youtube; twitter; scuttlebutt) **mid-July**
- Swag **mid-July**
    - Overprint 2019 design
        - Self-printing onsite
        - Do we pre-print? "Not ease the path out of experience"
    - "Our Networks" from last year
        - Reprint critical sizes from 2018? Lukewarm response
    - Stickers? Buttons/pins?
        - Assumption around stickers getting printed
        - Buttons same design with accent colour from 2019
    - Summary:
        - Print 2019 stickers
        - Make 2019 buttons
        - No decision on reprinting shirts
        - Explore self-printing (possible suggested donation)
    - Committed to screen print on-site
        - Costs
           - screen (setup), borrowing?
           - few colours of ink -- different days, short timeslot
           - buy some thrift store shirts to bring for backup
        - Logistics
           - set up/materials
- Poster: garry has thoughts, will make a first pass and share
- #todo sarah screenprinting quotes (incl. sugar bomb from last year?) 
- #todo garry create overprint designs 2019
    - https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/67
- #todo garry create 2019 stickers and buttons
    - https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/68
    - Draft EOD Sunday
- #todo garry create post up designs
    - https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/56
    - Draft EOD Sunday
- Website deadlines:
    - committed to registration launch update
    - committed to program launch (when?)
    - Program
        - use last year stuff
        - #todo dawn to do the first pass on content
        - #todo eloisa and garry on design
        - August 5

## Programming

- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18ITuO_tJIRs9kl5td9rqcj3tuB5qxEihCvYDyLcTU5s/edit#gid=235814649
- End of July second pass based on folks response
- July 29-30 wave of work

## Forms 

- https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/pull/66/files
- Add a line about withdrawing publishing consent
- #todo Dawn to implement, #todo garry to review
- Who is emailing folks?
    - #todo dawn and sarah divide an email
    - #todo change submission date July 21

## Budget 

- #todo Amelia invoice pay
- #todo Dc meetup expense
- registration tiers: $25 / $60 / $110 
- 150 attendees 
    - 35ish speakers
    - 5 organizers
    - 5-10 volunteers (incl. A/V)
    - 90 paid registrations (split based on last year: $25 * 40; $60 * 40; $110 * 10) $4500ish
    - 10 scholarships
- #todo dawn registration numbers pitch
- #todo dawn bpt again (switching costs) -- is ben still keen?

## Coordinating

- July co-work sesh? July 22-26, 28
    - Dawn MST
    - Sarah CEST-PST
    - garry EST
    - #todo garry setup poll on time

## Keynote

- #todo review garry's draft
- Rework for new outreach

## Upcoming Topics

- Co-work on program launch

# TODOs

- [ ] dc/sarah review garry's draft
- [ ] dc: tech + rev email
- [ ] garry: setup poll on time for co-work
- [ ] dc/sarah: email speakers, deadline for confirming July 21
- [x] dc: registration numbers pitch math, we discussed: $25 / $60 / $110
- [ ] dc: bpt again -- is ben still keen?
- [ ] dc: payments: amelia, dc
- [ ] dc: to do the first pass on program content July 28-29
- [ ] eloisa and garry: website design
- [ ] sarah: screenprinting quotes (incl. sugar bomb from last year?) 
- [ ] garry: create overprint designs 2019
- [ ] garry: create 2019 stickers and buttons
- [ ] garry: create post up designs
