# 2019-03-30 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, Mar 30, 2019 @ 1:00-2:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:**
- garry
- sarah
- dawn
- ben

# Agenda

- Old Business
    - [x] Dawn to follow up this week on venue
    - [x] Ben to sort livestreaming with patcon for March 28 meetup <-- dc: we discussed tracking on GH issue once I followed up
    - [x] Dawn update readme and calendar with new less tentative dates
    - [ ] Garry to tell ben about dweb publishing & automation (end-April)
    - [x] Dawn move over the p2p issue in 2018 repo
    - [x] Sarah to set up next grant doc
    - [x] Sarah to check on grant results deadlines
    - [x] Sarah review sponsorship package
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
  - Venue Update
  - Milestones/dates
  - Existing sponsor outreach + looking at sponsorship package
  - Website and Conference look and feel, aspirational vibing
  - CFP check-in

# Notes

## Meetup 

- need to make it more conversational early (not after!)
- 2 hours a short amount of time
- dealing with livestream?
    - flow: microphone enabled
    - screen is blown out (quality with camera?)
    - split by talk 
    - using wifi choppy, post will be local capture so avoid some of that

## Venue Updates

- Email: Gamma Space working on Friday 
    - single track (open space)
    - we have the exhibition room
    - there is the gamma room 
    - gathering space
- Gathering space request after LOA?

# Dates (and Grants Deadline)

- Not eligible for last grant?
    >"Any time before the start date of your project or the part of your project for which you are seeking funding. -- incorporated as a non-profit in Canada"
- Toronto arts council June 4 by latest
- Ontario arts council June 21 by latest
- [Impact on Milestones](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/blob/master/notes/2019-02-09-planning-call.md#timeline--milestones)
        03/22 CFP posted, website relaunch (-27) **SHIFT THIS**
        03/22 Space booked (-27)
        04/01 conference open hour #1 (-25)
        05/01 2019 website relaunch, marketing materials (-21)
        05/15 conference open hour #2 (-19)
        06/01 keynote speaker(s) (-17)
        06/01 CFP closes (-17)
        06/15 registration launched (-15)
        07/01 submission decisions (-12) 
        07/25 schedule posted (-9)
- Shift CFP closing until July 1?
- First week July block off for submission dec'ns
- Smaller/more intentful outreach for exhibition mid-June
    - If we get one of the Arts Council grants, do outreach end of June to invite specific artists to CFP

## Sponsorship 

- We sold 100 last year, aim for 150 attendees this year
- Drop RSVP chair from perk
- ben: Hand-drawn poster or marketing retractable!
- Outreach in April for previous sponsors
    - + Mozilla? ben connection

## Aspirational Vibes

- Print logo on random assortment of shirts
    - blackout logo with cutout for shirt
    - people bring their own gear?
    - buying thrift shirts is cheaper/similar to new shirts at costs 
- "our networks like our cities built on top of ruins"
- photocopier photocopy for zine library (filesharing reference)
- repair?
    - forcing a confrontation between supply chains and infrastructure
- collect e-waste recycling
    - donated networking things 
    - artistic work?
    - related to Ryan's thing at FreeGeek? cc. Garry?
- use a hopes and dreams GH issue
  - https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/34
- How to do in-kind work together
- This is our public space, drawing on that energy
- From our CFP: "draw on history and place to bring our fullest imaginations to this moment; and open ways to think these questions together as we build transitional forms."

## Upcoming Topics

- CFP check-in

# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]

- [ ] dc: final clean up of sponsor package
- [ ] dc: regig of milestones
- [ ] ben: ping Mehan from Mozilla about sponsorship (after venue secured)
- [ ] ben: finish off meetup repo with livestream things and upload videos
