# 2019-06-22 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Saturday, June 22, 2019 @ 1:00-3:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:**
- eloisa
- garry
- sarah
- dc
- ben (later)


# Agenda

- Old Business
    - [ ] garry: cultivate website relaunch
    - [ ] sarah: digital shareables
    - [ ] ben: AV call within next 2 weeks + periodic calls in August
    - [ ] dc: add garry, eloisa to alterna account signer list, drop patcon
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
    - Design Things
        - Website
        - Publishing Website
        - Posters?
    - Advertising, CFP check-in
        - 2nd email to mailing list
    - Keynote Planning
        - More thoughts? 
        - "Planned panel"
    - Programming, scheduling review
    - Budget
        - Did not recieve both arts grants :(

# Notes

## Design Things 

- Website, current PR: https://github.com/ournetworks/ournetworks.ca/pull/102
- Missing from this PR:
    - Typographic "moment" on homepage
    - Resolving quotes?
    - IA
    - How to handle "peripheral" content, e.g.,:
        - meetups?
        - previous years?
            - as subdomain 
        - recorded talks?
- source in Artwork Repo PR (merged)
- #todo design jam sesh in-person, garry to coordinate

## Publishing the Site 

- updating site in two waves original intention, still thinking that?
    - garry: first version for end July
- Second wave more content mid-July
- dat publish --> dat sync on merge to master 
- ipfs can resolve by passing a domain to the gateway (dns entry helpful)
    - how to automate publishing and distribution? dealing with hash
    - dnslink not clear how that it supports
    - interplay between .wellknown (dat) and ipfs and relative links unclear

## Other things + Digital Sharables 

- Social Media sharables (insta; twitter)
- Branding (banner -- youtube; twitter; scuttlebutt) **mid-July**
- Swag **mid-July**
    - Overprint 2019 design
        - Self-printing onsite
        - Do we pre-print? "Not ease the path out of experience"
    - "Our Networks" from last year
        - Reprint critical sizes from 2018? Lukewarm response
    - Stickers? Buttons/pins?
        - Assumption around stickers getting printed
        - Buttons same design with accent colour from 2019
    - Summary:
        - Print 2019 stickers
        - Make 2019 buttons
        - No decision on reprinting shirts
        - Explore self-printing (possible suggested donation)
    - Committed to screen print on-site
        - Costs
           - screen (setup), borrowing?
           - few colours of ink -- different days, short timeslot
           - buy some thrift store shirts to bring for backup
        - Logistics
           - set up/materials
- Poster: garry has thoughts, will make a first pass and share

## Programming, scheduling review

- Current status:
    - 8: https://github.com/ournetworks/2019-submissions/issues
    - 9 days from close 
- Programming:
    - 20ish sessions 2018
    - could do 30ish ~or~ more breaks, unstructured time for 2019
- Do we need to extend the call?
    - In better shape than last year
    - Will probably only be able to make the dec'n last day
- Exhibition? 
    - No grant, lets not do specific art outreach... but no particular stuff now we know we didn't get the grant
    - Does it feel like we won't get artwork now?
    - Use default honoraria structure 
    - Think about post-call outreach to see how to fit artwrok in the space...?
- Zine Library
    - Shared some example zines, internet Archive has tons of zines
    - Re-opening convo dawn to facilitate:
        - [Toronto Tech Zines](https://totz.ca)
        - [Toronto Zine Library](https://www.torontozinelibrary.org/catalogue/opac/)
    - #todo collect list of zines for library (gh issue) ben to start
- Actionable items:
    - Individual outreach to non-white cis males
    - July 1/June 30 call a week: July 7th (give them the weekend)
    - #todo: dc: set up poll for July 5/6 and July 12/13 programming review sesh 

## Advertising, CFP check-in

- 2nd email to mailing list
- Continues sharing/posting online 
- Specific outreach 

## Keynote Planning

- More thoughts? 
- "Planned panel"


## Budget

- Did not receive both arts grants
- Flat honoria for all submittors
- Great sponsorship position for 2019!
- Update the budget based on above ^^

## AV

- [June 14 AV call](https://hackmd.io/eoE6-cpQSbim67i_NquNHQ)
- Have to set up call in August

## Upcoming Topics

- 3 hr (ideally first sesh)
    - just talk programming
    - reviewing submissions
    - keynotes
    - blue sky scheduling
- 1 hr
    - budget revamp
    - design check-in
    - zine library planning
    - communicate decisions to people
    - plan to get us to August (timelines on schedule up, registration launched)

# TODOs

- [ ] garry: cultivate website relaunch
    - [ ] update PR with tasks/todos
    - [ ] schedule in-person jam session with eloisa THURS
- [ ] sarah: digital shareables
- [x] dc: MOVE TO GH ISSUE: add garry, eloisa to alterna account signer list, drop patcon
- [x] ben: start GitHub issue for collecting zines
- [ ] dc: prep programming schedule
- [ ] dc: email for zine set up time
- [x] dc: email amelia based on zine
- [x] dc: create when2meet for us to schedule programming dec'ns
- [ ] all: intentional reach out with CFP
