# 2019-08-26 A/V call for Our Networks 2019

:date: **Date:** Friday, August 26, 2019 @ 1:30-2:30pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:family: **Attendance:**
- elon
- yurko
- hank
- dc
- ben

## Recap

- [Master AV thread](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/33)
- [Last AV meeting notes](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/blob/master/notes/2019-06-14-a-v-call.md)
- Review assets from hank:
    - [x] PR with [livestream assets](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/96) to artwork repo (hank)
    - [x] Document with [role descriptions](https://cryptpad.fr/code/#/2/code/view/uo--kAurnFTHI4z2J0wqQnn4JQITYSRl1I0U2rGDWXw/present/) (hank)

## Agenda

- [x] Sign off on (hank):
    - [x] Livestream/AV assets
    - [x] Role descriptions
    - [x] Volunteer plan
    - [x] Post-processing plan
- [x] Review of post-processed video and time estimates (hank)
- [x] Status of IPFS livestream code (yurko)
    - [x] [New features](https://github.com/tomeshnet/ipfs-live-streaming/releases/tag/untagged-38c0e8bbdd47fe893db1)
    - [x] Risks and next steps
- [x] Streaming plan
    - [x] Hardware plan sign-off
        - [x] Need additional video mixer for hotswapping of HDMI source
    - [x] Handling remote participation
    - [x] Handling recording preferences
    - [x] HTTP stream (non-IPFS)
    - [x] ISOC restream
- [x] Deployment plan
    - [x] AV helper recruiting
    - [x] Set up and test run at TMAC
- [x] Discuss Our Networks coverage of [Alexandria](https://alexandria.tomesh.net) (benhylau)

## Notes

- Livestream assets
    - Reviewed by garry + dc
    - Expect changes of logos
- Role descriptions (3-4 ppl at any point in time on AV)
    - Camera & mic operator (volunteer)
    - Mixer operator (hank / volunteer)
    - Managing offline recording (hank / volunteer)
    - OBS operator & livestream monitor (elon / justin / yurko)
- Volunteer plan for AV
    - 1 volunteer on Friday (yurko try to be there during the day, if not then ben will be on AV)
    - 2 volunteers on Saturday
    - 1 volunteer on Sunday (recruit more if needed)
- #todo hank: to share doc 
- #todo dc: volunteer plan update with A/V and other volunteering tasks
- Produced video time estimation for post-processing
    - Two streams of video + 1 stream of audio
    - Estimate 2 hours per talk but depends on talk length
    - Need to watch them at least once
    - 22 talks, 15.5 hours of recordings
        - 2 orga 
        - 2 lightning 
        - 18 presenters
    - ~30 min overhead to set up each video:
        - Lower thirds
        - Metadata
        - Project setup (using templates this year)
    - Post-processing & publishing plan
        - `0.5 hour * 22 talks + 15.5 hour * 1.5 padding < 40 hour`
        - Decouple post-processing work from publishing work
        - hank: to handle post-processing
        - dc: handle publishing plan
- Streaming plan
    - Hotswap problem, solutions?
        - Renting a [mixer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12m92jTv5B8)
        - Buying the [CAD 101.99 "mixer" device](https://www.amazon.ca/Revesun-Multi-Viewer-input-output-Switcher/dp/B016OBNSS4/)
        - #todo ben: decide how to handle hotswap
- #todo ben: remote pre-recorded presenter arrangement needs to be sorted
- #todo ben: remote live presenter arrangement needs to be sorted
- Walkthrough hours before 6 pm weekdays, hank cannot attend :(
    - Thursday load-in
- Can we rent equipment on Thursday and test everything Friday morning 9 am and streaming starts 3 pm
    - hank: if Sheridan cameras work well, we can do this instead of renting
    - Plan A:
        - If hank can test camera by Sept 10 AND go to TMAC Friday morning 9 am, then we go with Sheridan camera
        - If hank is good with liability of leaving camera on-site all weekend
    - Plan B:
        - Rent a camera out Thursday early, ben test for clear live output
    - #todo ben: decide between Plan A and B with hank
- IPFS livestream
    - More resilient now running rtmp thru nginx
    - Live seekbar for rewinds
    - Seek to specific time in the stream
    - Risks:
        - ipfs crashes after ~15 hours, needs restarting of service
        - load balancing if more people watch (use mirror as embedded player on website)
            - spin up additional mirrors
    - Next steps:
        - #todo elon: to spin up HTTP stream as we did last year
        - #todo yurko: work with ISOC live stream (pull from our origin)
        - #todo yurko: spin up on Digital Ocean or live.mesh.world
        - Website player needs a tweet button to current ipfs hash bookmark
            - #todo yurko: move tweet code into website
            - #todo garry/el: get ready for live tweet and stream landing page
- Can Our Networks cover CAD 57 / year Alexandria server cost?
    - #todo dc: run this by Our Networks organizers
    - #todo yurko: invoice Our Networks and move server into its own account
    - #todo dc/?: add the alexandria archive as an archive for ourtnets on recorded talks page

## TODO

- [x] hank: to share doc 
- [ ] dc: volunteer plan update with A/V and other volunteering tasks
- [ ] ben: decide how to handle hotswap
- [ ] ben: remote pre-recorded presenter arrangement needs to be sorted
- [ ] ben: remote live presenter arrangement needs to be sorted
- [ ] ben: decide between Plan A and B with hank
- [ ] elon: to spin up HTTP stream as we did last year
- [ ] yurko: work with ISOC live stream (pull from our origin)
- [ ] yurko: spin up on Digital Ocean or live.mesh.world
- [ ] yurko: move tweet code into website
- [ ] garry/el: get ready for live tweet and stream landing page
- [ ] dc: run alexandria coverage by Our Networks organizers
- [ ] yurko: invoice Our Networks for alexandria and move server into its own account (after confirmation from dc)
- [ ] dc/?: add the alexandria archive as an archive for ourtnets on recorded talks page
