# 2019-01-15 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Tues, Jan 15, 2018 @ 11:30am-12:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`appear.in/ournetworks`](https://appear.in/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:family: **Attendance:**  
- dcwalk  
- benhylau  
- garrying  
- sarah  

# Agenda

- New Business
  - Meetups check-in
      - Proposal: https://hackmd.io/62tWQamtRQKk8vt4OjmNiQ#
  - Immediate steps for 2019
      - Anything arts related, upcoming deadline... good chance of getting some
  - 2019 dates and organizing
    - Review [Organizer Availability](https://hackmd.io/NAHVnJD4So6YYv8Jnn0geg?view)
    - Format for organizing? any changes?
    - Use of probot for repo
    - Frank discussion on organizing capacity :joy:
  - Discuss timeline 
    - Review 2018 calendar
- 2019 theme
    - Revisit [Hopes and Dreams](https://hackmd.io/NAHVnJD4So6YYv8Jnn0geg?view)
    - Brainstorming sesh
- Standing Business
  - Run through [“In Progress”](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects)
    - Kickoff with initial COC, Land Acknowledgement, License
- Other Business

# Notes

## 1/ Meetups (discussion in proposal)

## 2/ Immediate steps for 2019

- Arts Council "Media Arts Project Grant"
    - yami-ichi
    - exhibition (online?)
    - collaborative
- Anything arts related, upcoming deadline... good chance of getting some money
    - From conversation after brainstorm: 
        - Zine lending library (Work with Toronto Zine Library?) // exhibition "Call for Zines"? <-- we pay for people to send us zines?
            - excitement!
    - "Traditonal" Exhibition -- tied to a party, a lending library
            - Poster!
    - Online presence -- invite artist to take over website, social media
            - excitement about takeover!akeover
    - Performance

- Upcoming community dinner on Jan 24, Taeyoon Choi hosting. Dawn said would speak about OurNets. Might have enough other asks for then

- Websites:
    - 2018 final PR,
    - 2019 reset, end of January? 
    - Do we want to deal with setting up donations? in exchange for swag?
    - Set up "support" button -- get money from folks +1


## 3/ 2019 dates and organizing
    
- Review [Organizer Availability](https://hackmd.io/NAHVnJD4So6YYv8Jnn0geg?view)

- 3 times:
    - late-July (not able to spill into August) B+1 G+1 S+1
        - 24-31
        - some organizers know already/still in Toronto
        - summer vibes
        - ben wants to spend his birthday with you guys
    - late-Sep D+1 S+1
        - 12-30
    - early-Oct G+1 D+1
        - 1-15
        - check with radnet on potential date conflict (sarah and ben want to go)

- Format for organizing? any changes?
    - Request: 
      - Meet on weekends or earlier time slot (let's try for 1pm EST Sat)
    - DW:Use of probot for repo
        - People seem okay with it!
        - DW will leave issue open for a couple days and then roll
- Frank discussion on organizing capacity :joy:
    - More about capacity to involve a new person rather than needing help?
    - Probably difficult to bring in someone we don't have a connection to 
    - pick up on weekend

## 4/ Discuss timeline (parked to next week)

Recall 2018 timeline: 
- 07/13-18 Our Networks (X)
- 07/12-13 Load in (-0 weeks before)
- 07/11 venue walkthru (-0)
- 05/29 schedule posted (-6)
- 05/21 registration launched (-7)
- 05/15 submissions dec'ns (-8)
- 05/07 CFP closes (-9)
- 05/02 2019 website relaunch, marketing materials (poster) (-10)
- 04/17 "Open hour #2" (-12)
- 03/24 "Open hour #1" CFP questions (-16)
- 03/24 2018 site launch (-16)
- 02/28 space secured (-19)
- 02/28 CFP posted (-19)
- 02/24 budget prepared, sponsorship package (-20)
- 02/18 theme finalized (-21)
- 02/01 kickoff call (-23)

## Sponsor ideas

- Everyone we tried last year ...? 
- Also Infura, Internet Archive, Cosmos, Citizen Lab, Handshake, Giveth

## Next call

- Theme
- Discuss arts grant
- Timeline / milestones
- Organizer recruitment
- Tech infra set up (e.g., password manager)

# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]

- [x] @garry 2018 PR, release, and deploy!
- [x] @dawn to do 2019 and request review
- [ ] @sarah email radnets about 2019 timing
- [ ] @sarah will email org team with art grant info
- [x] @benhylau: email dweb
- [ ] @dawn email May First folks
- [ ] @all: add tech infra req to gh!
