# Our Networks Retrospective 2019-10-28

# Agenda

- Event Wrap Up
  - Review Tasks
  - Videos
  - Timeline
- Our Retrospective
  - What worked?
  - What didn't?
  - Feedback

## [Event Wrap Up](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/)
- Planning board: https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1
- Swag is mostly dealt with (e.g. PL shirts)
- Videos
    - Follow-up with Jennifer (will see her at event Nov 8) sent and Zack is good to go
    - Release date Nov 15 latest, after that nothing goes in
    - Review content now until then
        - Metadata, correct presenter and talk, no audio/video problem, etc. (spend 10 min per video)
        - Divide up archive and review among organizers
    - Release
        - Get archive from Hank end of October
        - Internet Archive, IPFS, YouTube (progressive vs. full archive)
        - Release one per day so everything is released by 30 day after release day (but ensure we can link to all videos on first release date)
    - garry and ben to sort live archive release
        - dc wants this to be represented on recorded talks page
        - Make sure this works with cleanup and archival of 2019 website
    - Expenses mostly sent out, tracked https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/125
    - Photos post-processing, sarah will have ready before we need them (i.e. grant applications)
- Timelines:
    - first-half November: video review process, ipfs+ia+youtube recorded archive, livestream archive (ben)
    - second-half November: ~~videos~~?, payment, documentation
    - end-November: website launch, final email to participants

## Our Retrospective

### A few words to describe how you feel about Our Networks 2019

- garry:
    - pretty resolved in the way that it was communicated
    - distinguishing from adjacent events
    - exhausted
- sarah:
    - wrapping it up ???
    - positive feedback from most
    - burnt out but to be expected
- ben:
    - agree that the brand feels more distinguished than other events
    - nice to be at point where we have a clear idea of what our networks is
    - ambitious: very spread, 2018 was one piece, this year didn't know everything about the event (e.g., zine library, screening)
    - personally, amount of work not the same as what happened. thought easier than last year but that wasn't what happened
    - not burned out, but exhausting
    - during event didn't get to hang out with people attending as much as would have liked
- dc:
    - pulled a lot of stuff off
    - more coherent than last year (things in one location)
    - proud of what we accomplished
    - cannot do another event in september (academic conflicts)
- el:
    - pretty happy with how things turned out, and loved the way everything was set up/organised
    - agree that it was much more coherent
    - as mentioned below, there was some acoustics issue with the venue, even I couldn't hear or understand everything from the registration table

### What worked?

- TMAC as all in one space: nice to have folks be in one place
- Website was great and got lots of great feedback
    - in particular around venue
- New A/V flow ensured we get good recordings despite livestream hiccups (e.g. venue internet going down)
- Thought the exhibition looked good, but not sure it got as much traffic as I would have liked/poorly advertised
- We got a lot of twitter engagement
- Remote presentations flow worked as good as it could (except A/V and Laniyuk's talk)
- Having Charles St Video in the building was v convenient
- Raised more money than expected, which made some things easier
- Gallery looked sick
- Zine library
- Handling of our first CoC incident?
- Super fucking proud of community billets!

### What didn't?

- The amplification/sound at TMAC, lots of mixed to negative feedback
- ^ben meant literally the outdoor screening amplifier :D
- Setting up gear for both the screening and performances was very stressful (quick transitions, unfamiliar equipment)
- Lanyard making injuries (burn :(()
- Remote presentations
- Cutting off the keynote panel felt pretty bad, think it needed more time and the thing to let Henry go home on his birthday was nice but also added a lot of stress
- So many schedule changes/so many speaker cancellations
- Video volunteer roles just kinda didn't happen (dc: I think this could have worked)
    - ben: where it didn't work was the mic person also had to switch SD cards on the video assists, which are new equipment, and had issues with some macs, so it became quite specific, it seems we will always have these issues if our A/V equipment is rented close to conference date
- Scuffed newly painted walls (could not repair :(()
- Number of volunteers (not enough?)
- Dat zine setup

### Feedback we received

- More responses than last year, [anonymous answers](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-2Yq8YpHVjX-5NGfV9y3QHH9cbL4rBnUzvVwjrxVx1U/edit#gid=0) [private]
- interesting feedback
- informal feedback mapped to last year about our curatorial dec'ns on keynote
- mixed feedback on vibe of conference, was is to tech-y
- local toronto and international community presence was nice
- too academic? we're in the middle of a venn diagram of things
    - sarah: wouldn't mind seeing less academic content, but some people enjoy it
    - dc: we are not close to an academic conference
    - sarah: we didn't mis-advertise
    - el: even one of the panelists said that the conference attendance was not diversified
- are the actual talks close to what was advertised?
- aspirational? more pitches next year to have more curatorial agency

### Surprises this year

- sponsorship
- the August pause on work, for event early September
- having people remote (e.g., scheduling calls)
    - ben: lack of shared physical sessions and having to schedule things around things that require physical presence
    - sarah: okay with late calls
- what are forms of scoped participation?
    - ways that people show up or not as organizers for other aspects (e.g., only X or Y)
- ben: felt a lot of unexpected things came up, more than anticipated, and they mostly fell onto dc

### Timelines / next steps 

Big questions:
- Organizers pay?
    - ben thinks we should start planning for this with grants
    - dc and sarah feel cautious going in that direction and want to prioritize other things that need $ before paying ourselves
- Budget?
    - 18,000 this year, seems a good budget
- Scale?
    - seems to want to stay at the < 150 size
- Need for formal structure (e.g., LLC or other entity) to run stuff through?

Next steps:
- 2019 end Nov wrap up for 2019
- 2020 early Jan
    - kickoff "are you in" and ideas
    - time of year and proposed format/venue

# TODOs

- dc: final expenses
- garry: website update/close out
- ben: video process to publishing
- sarah: exhibition photos before Jan 2020
