# 2019-08-24 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Saturday, August 24, 2019 @ 13:00-15:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:**
- eloisa
- garry
- dc
- ben
- sarah

# Agenda

- Old Business
    - [x] sarah: screenprinting quotes (incl. sugar bomb from last year?). 
        - [x] dc: confirm with sarah, able to get quotes, or who she wanted quotes from?
    - [ ] sarah (dc now): coc stuff
        - [x] dc: still able to do CoC stuff?
    - [x] garry: poke us: end of this week we have to dial in swag designs (overprint, buttons, stickers) 
    - [x] dc: ask stickermule for donation
    - [ ] dc: make buttons again first week Sept?
    - [x] garry: update to buttons / stickers with construction/brick outlines
    - [x] garry: poster: add qri (confirmed), infura, CSS; remove "/conference" URL and revise scholarship sentence
    - [x] dc: email qri RE: logo, also CSS logo
    - [x] garry: poster also do scaled 11x17 version AUG 1
    - [x] dc: first round poster printing AUG 5
    - [x] garry: to do a branding update on assets in artwork repo
    - [x] dc: to update twitter + youtube
    - [x] dc: make scuttlebutt gathering
    - [x] dc: first pass August update for website (program+registration)
    - [x] dc: make bpt page for registration
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
    - Registration and Adverstising
    - Keynote
    - Program Revisit 
    - Code of Conduct
    - Zine Library
    - Billeting
    - A/V
    - Swag
    - Filming at Our Networks
    - Funding for 2020 
    - Defining Area Leads
    - Revisit [Meeting Schedule and Timeline](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019) 

# Notes

## Registration and Adverstising

- 19 registered (anemic for 1 month out) / $1215 of goal **$4500**
- 45 incl. presenters
- reduced tickets to 120 (from 150) to make it look like there are less avail.
- Advertising:
    - Listed on out-of-town topical mailing lists/events
        - [ ] Another round on battlemesh, other mailing lists
        - [ ] Rhizomatica + Telecomunicaciones ind√≠genas comunitarias (via Maka + Peter to submit zines)
    - Local advertising 
        - [x] CivicTech calendar (added) 
        - [ ] Announce civic tech (ben + garry, grab handbills from garry/dc)
        - [ ] Email local student groups (dc)
        - [x] FreeGeek, social media because we missed the quarterly newsletter (ben)
        - [ ] Toronto Mesh event (ben)
        - [ ] Submitted event sites (dc follow)
        - [ ] Meetup event (dc)
    - Social Media push (sarah)
        - Aim to post next week
        - Start scheduled tweets by Wed Aug 28
    - Mailing list
        - [ ] Tools library (sarah)
        - [ ] Maker spaces (sarah)
        - [ ] Hacklab (ben)
        - [ ] Civic tech slack (dc)
        - [ ] IDRC (el)
        - [ ] GTA LUG (dc)
        - [ ] NANOG (dc)
        - [ ] Libre on mailinglist? (dc to check)
    - Personal networks
- #todo dc: refunding email
- #todo sarah: social media mailing list sheet, done wed Aug 28
    - el to help
- #todo sarah: re/tweet registration info

## Keynote

- Alfredo from Mayfirst panel confirmed
- Followup sent to Penny @ K-Net
- Another followup, Tuesday August 27th as cutoff
    - #todo garry to follow-up today
- Next two in-line:
    - #todo dc to draft, inline to send to JW next invite today

## Program Revisit 

- #todo sarah email artists for image 
- #todo dc affirmative negation also as exhibited work 
- dc word vomit:
    - rethink Friday schedule?
    - moving third room content to plenary times?
        - sunday ? 
    - add technical/hands-on workshops
        - NYC-mesh offered (dc)
        - Follow up with Grant? (dc)
        - Vassilis from Sarantaporo, talk about the network (ben, if needed)
        - Yurko from Toronto Mesh, MR16 hacking (ben, if needed)
- Screening (outdoors saturday)
    - sidebar discussion on honoraria 
        - approach for existing scheduled folks
        - those pulled in offer honoraria: inline with our current structure 
- Kickoff party (inside friday) 
    - invite another performance
    - DJ? more playlist vibes
- #todo sarah invite (additional) performer for kickoff
- #todo dc submit screening park permit
- #todo dc submit SOP
- #todo sarah Sep 4 screening plan nailed down
- #todo ? add mystery screening spot on calendar
- #todo dc ask abt short cut of radio doc from daniel?
- #todo ? move 2 talks from Sunday 

## Code of Conduct

- Revised language here: https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/pull/103
- What happens when stuff comes up when things are out of scope? (e.g., HOPE)
- In the case of a CoC violation
- #todo ALL review and explicitly approve PR on GitHub
- #todo dc change coc@ email to ben's gmail
- #todo dc update the CoC 2019 PR 
- #todo ? update the website with new CoC

## Zine Library

- Recall zine proposal: https://hackmd.io/f45ESvMqTICG1_pR0TEDLA?edit
- Mail-in & bring-in
- Toronto zine library to borrow
- Make copies of zines with photocopier provided by TMAC
- Drafted call for zines
- Haven't heard from Phil about collaborating
    - #todo followup with phil about their capacity
- Ways to send us stuff
    - Email us a link and we can print stuff in BW
    - Mail us physical zines
- #todo el, dc update website with call for zines by Sunday
- #todo bl, dc email folks to follow up

## Billeting

- Status:
    - 3 on sheet
    - Patcon: unclear whether asked
    - Dylan may be able to host (checking with flatmates)
- #todo one more round of personal outreach by organizers?
- #todo dc and bl to sync of assignment of ppl into spaces

## A/V

- [New features](https://github.com/tomeshnet/ipfs-live-streaming/releases/tag/untagged-38c0e8bbdd47fe893db1) for ipfs live streaming
- [Handling remote participation](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/80)
- Handling recording preferences + ISOC restream
- Call on Monday Aug 26 13.30
- #todo bl make meeting pad, agenda: https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/53 add remote presenter discussion and restreaming

## Filming at Our Networks

- Dylan request to film a couple workshops / interviewing people
- We had media presence for Sarah's session last year
    - It was an isolated workshop space
    - Made space for people to opt out
- Repeating what we did last year makes sense
- Strong protocol for posting photos publicly
- Agreed cannot film in general areas
- Able we as organizeres able to introduce? (workshops, interviews)
    - Release handled between folks
    - Independent, declare relationship
    - We have a policy (not in general areas, agreement of presenters + attendees)
- #todo we draft our blurb
- #todo follow up with Dylan RE: specific folks, ask for something to forward

## Funding for 2020 

- Dylan attended DSF seminar, shared high-level notes. $50,000 range for Canadian
- Scheduled call for August 29, with Ben, Sarah, Mark from OAC 
- dc: this is a preliminary moment, we might need to sit until after/debrief to think about next year
- #todo ben, sarah take notes on the Thursday call with Mark from OAC
- #todo ask Dylan to chat after our networks 2019

## Defining Area Leads

- We defined our "leads" for the event as:
    - Presenters (dawn)
    - Comms -- mailing list, regered attendees / Attendees (dawn)
    - Social Media (sarah, el)
    - Volunteers (dc)
    - Code of Conduct (ben--during)
    - A/V (ben)
    - Catering (dc)
    - Swag (sarah--onsite)
    - Swag (sarah--pre-printed, dc, garry to assist)
    - Design (garry)
    - Kickoff (sarah)
    - Screening (sarah)
    - Exhibition (sarah)
    - Zine Library (el)
- #todo budget cost for swag and catering for next meeting
- #todo ben: share printing summary of swag

## Revisit [Meeting Schedule and Timeline](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019) 

- Current:
    - 08/24 MEETING
    - 08/31 MEETING
    - 09/03 Conference open hour #3 (-2)
    - 09/07 MEETING
    - 09/10 Venue walkthrough (-1) ... move this to the week of
    - 09/14 MEETING
    - 09/19 Load in (-0 weeks)
    - 09/21 Our Networks 2019 (W38)
- In-person:
  - Sarah, arrive Sept 18
  - Rest around the preceeding week
- Weekday meetings:
  - ET Am or after 10pm Sarah
  - no 26 or 27
  - No Wednesday evenings, Thursdays can be bad
  - After 5pm ET
- #todo: dawn to poll on and pin down times for meeting

## Swag

- Discussed flow: Sarah to handle followup on printing, Ben to deal with collecting?
- Ask if we can be invoiced directly and pay from Our Networks acct
- #todo dc to share shirt breakdown
- #todo sarah to follow up with email quote
- #todo dc share stickermule password 
- #todo garry and ben work on sticker testprint and final order

# TODOs

- [ ] all: advertising push per above
- [ ] dc: refunding email
- [ ] sarah: social media mailing list sheet, done wed Aug 28
    - el to help
- [ ] sarah: re/tweet registration info
- [ ] garry: to follow-up today
- [ ] dc: to draft, inline to send to JW next invite today
- [ ] sarah email artists for image 
- [ ] dc: affirmative negation also as exhibited work (PR)
- [ ] sarah: invite (additional) performer for kickoff
- [ ] dc: submit screening park permit
- [ ] dc: submit SOP
- [ ] sarah: Sep 4 screening plan nailed down
- [ ] ? add mystery screening spot on calendar
- [ ] dc: ask abt short radio doc from daniel?
- [ ] ? move 2 talks from Sunday 
- [ ] all: review and explicitly approve PR on GitHub
- [ ] dc: change coc@ email to ben's gmail
- [ ] dc: update the CoC 2019 PR 
- [ ] ? update the website with new CoC
- [ ] ? (el followup with phil about their capacity
- [ ] el, dc: update website with call for zines by Sunday
- [ ] bl, dc: email folks to follow up
- [ ] one more round of personal outreach by organizers for billets?
- [ ] dc, bl: to sync of assignment of ppl into spaces
- [ ] bl: make meeting pad, agenda: https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/53 add remote presenter discussion and restreaming
- [ ] we: draft our blurb about filming
- [ ] dc: follow up with Dylan RE: specific folks, ask for something to forward
- [ ] ben, sarah: take notes on the Thursday call - with Mark
- [ ] dc: Dylan after our networks 2019
- [ ] ?: budget cost for swag and catering for next meeting
- [ ] ben: share printing summary of swag
- [ ] dc: to poll on and pin down times for meeting
- [ ] dc: to share shirt breakdown
- [ ] sarah: to follow up with email quote
- [ ] dc: share stickermule password 
- [ ] garry and ben: work on sticker testprint and final order
