# 2019-04-13 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, Apr 13, 2019 @ 1:00-2:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:**  
- garry
- dc
- eloisa
- ben

# Agenda

- Old Business
    - [x] dc: final clean up of sponsor package
    - [x] dc: regig of milestones
    - [x] ben: ping Mehan from Mozilla about sponsorship (after venue secured)
    - [ ] ben: finish off meetup repo with livestream things and upload videos
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
      - Vibing 
      - Announce Date and Time
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
  - Deadlines
  - Sponsors
  - Conference look and feel, aspirational vibing
  - Website
  - Onboarding
  - CFP check-in

# Notes

## Meetup 

- Look at using video capture card <-- with Elon (get from him!)
- IPFS (IPFS-only is what we have in instructions on PR at the moment)
- Our conference video flow is IPFS + Youtube + IA <-- video publishing flow

## Upcoming deadlines all involve website

- April 22: CFP posted 
- May website work period
- New deadlines:
    - April 22: CFP go out
    - June 1: Website relaunch (with 2019 branding incl. look and feel)
    - July 1: CFP closes
- TODO: Add to calendar swag organizing deadline
    - Ben's propsal:
        - July 6: Swag idea confirmed
        - August 31: Swag ready

## Sponsorship Package:

- PDF: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1bDj9KMwqS8bKznooA30nJU5M0uv7tQZn
- dc: to jump on old sponsors
- ben: Mozilla
- Process: ping signal group before sending out, give enough time for veto
- Ping some not explicitly decentralization & blockchain money
- eloisa: Code for Science & Society, Knight Foundation

## Website:

- Convos:
    - Look and feel, vibing: https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/34
    - p2p publish: https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/31
- What are next steps?
    - Start with people to bring in (designer)
        - Eloisa ideas for folks: UX research + designer incl. Nomadic Labs: Luisa Ji, Sharon Kennedy (DJL)
    - 2018:
        - Scope: overall branding (logo + look and feel)
        - [Design Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sP3qt87nJBq1UmoCfddiy9PuyuOLer1KnVF54FeE5Cw/edit)
        - [Artwork assets repository](https://github.com/ournetworks/artwork)
        - Production: assets (designer), vendors
    - Do we want the same split of external // internal for 2019?
    - Should we externalize more of the production work?
    - What is the possible "spectrum" of designer work
        - One end: 
            - Involvement in early phase only: ideation and logo/brand execution
            - Deliverables:
                - 2019 event logo
                - 2019 brand doc
        - Other end:
            - Involved throughout planning to discuss look and feel throughout elements of event structure
            - Deliverables:
                - 2019 brand doc, incl. strategy /direction
                - website?
                - exhibition? (esp. if full-scale media arts planned)
- Internal capacity interest:
    - Website: eloisa!
    - Swag vendors: dc
- Before selecting designer:
    - Tighten up theme 
    - More "vibing" -- separately schedule
    - Shortlist of designers
- Next two weeks for Toronto folks:
    - Apr [23-26 design jam](https://www.when2meet.com/?7760094-WAVKc)
        - dc: poll for time
    - Apr 27 call check-in, agree on deliverables, shortlist designers, agreement on look and feel 
        - can be expanded to larger time block for ben
        - dc: ask to extend us 2hrs? (ben: +1)
    - video call for website onboarding
        - "how we develop the website"
        - ensure CFP is submitted
        - initial thoughts on p2p flow

## Organizer Logistics

- Google Drive (staging area) 
- Google Calender (edit access)
- Signal Group (coordinating)
- Email Forwarder (orga@ournetworks.ca)
- Twitter (social media)
    - Team 
    - @_ournetworks
- Youtube (social media-ing, A/V)
    - Team
- Website
    - Namecheap Team (domain/DNS management) (<-- should we switch this?)
    - Digital Ocean Team (hosting, domains?)

## Upcoming Topics


- Look and feel (jam sesh check-in)
- Designer
- CFP check-in


# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]

- [ ] dc: check in on meetup videos and readme / PRs
- [ ] garry: will look at videos sent by
- [ ] ben: send sponsorship PDF to Mozilla
- [ ] dc: ping Protocol Labs & ISOC re: sponsorship
- [ ] eloisa: ping Knight Foundation (and possibly Code for Science & Society) re: sponsorship
- [ ] eloisa: shortlist possible ux researchers/designers (maybe Nomadic Labs)
- [ ] eloisa: onboarding to website (separate time between doing the https version and p2p version)
- [ ] dc: schedule jam session + onboarding session
    - [x] poll for jam sesh
    - [ ] pick place+time 
    - [ ] add to calendar
