# 2019-02-02 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, Feb 02, 2018 @ 1:00-2:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`appear.in/ournetworks`](https://appear.in/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:**  
- garry
- benhylau
- dcwalk


# Agenda

- Previous Business
    - [ ] dawn: Draft drafting budget
    - [ ] sarah: first pass on arts grant
    - [x] dawn: Set up theme co-writing  
    - [x] dawn: email back about T&R conversation  
- New Business
    - Initial schedule/programming plan
    - Collaborations
    - Picking a date
    - Timeline / milestones
        - Review 2018 calendar
    - Organizer recruitment
    - Tech infra set up (e.g., password manager)
        - Ticketing
        - Open Collective
    - Sponsor
- Standing Business
  - Run through [“In Progress”](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
- Other Business

# Notes

## Budget

- have annual 2019 budget
- We have money from DJL for 2 honorariums
    - $20/hr ish? 10-16 hours for social media?
- What are like set of things we imagine
- Graphic designer
    - Working with an external person adds value, and having that person compensated
    - Can budget production 


## Initial schedule/programming plan

- Things we agreed to:
    - Whole event in same space as goal
    - Larger audience than last year
    - Wanting mix of un-programmed and programmed time
        - un-conference elements
    - 2.5 // 3 days "programmed" with
    - "unprogrammed days" seem neat:
        - gallery/exhibition?
        - unconference stuff
        - "load in" / site set up
        - "NOC" debrief (kinda like battlemesh)
    - Last weekend Sept. **Saturday 28-Sunday 29**
    
- Same space whole time limits of that
- Ben proposal: Spread talks over 5 days, more space in between
    - Larger audience (1.5x of last year)
- Dawn proposal: 3 days with 2 days more formal set up 
    - I think that may be a lot to ask people ("be here five full days")

- Venue
    - TMAC? -- would need to follow up soon
    - Other venues?
        - Array Space
        - Space? (too small)
        - Warehouse space on geary

## Collaborations

- Tech and Rev (dawn follow up)
- RadNets (sarah?)
- Zine thing? Phil and O1's collaborator *dawn follow up)
- Dweb
- Pegah June event (dawn follow up)


## Picking a date
 
- Conference: September 28-29 main 

## Timeline / milestones

- Recall 2018 timeline: 
    - 07/13-18 Our Networks (X)
    - 07/12-13 Load in (-0 weeks before)
    - 07/11 venue walkthru (-0)
    - 05/29 schedule posted (-6)
    - 05/21 registration launched (-7)
    - 05/15 submissions dec'ns (-8)
    - 05/07 CFP closes (-9)
    - 05/02 2019 website relaunch, marketing materials (poster) (-10)
    - 04/17 "Open hour #2" (-12)
    - 03/24 "Open hour #1" CFP questions (-16)
    - 03/24 2018 site launch (-16)
    - 02/28 space secured (-19)
    - 02/28 CFP posted (-19)
    - 02/24 budget prepared, sponsorship package (-20)
    - 02/18 theme finalized (-21)
    - 02/01 kickoff call (-23)

- 2019 timeline:
    - More expansive design dates

## Organizer Recruitment

- Discussed above! Potential for collabs and reaching out!

## Tech Infra

- Do we want to move our meetings to https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks
    - Reason for move?
        - technical issues with appear.in (firefox, linux distros?)
        - open source
    - Trial for a month! Flag if any problems

## Next call

- Budget 
- Theme
- Async review 2019 milestones
- Milestone review

# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]

- Sarah? Garry? Follow up with Rad Nets
- [x] Dawn: Chat with Phil more
- Dawn: Pegah?
- [x] Dawn: distrbute budget
- [ ] Dawn: prep milestones for editing
