# 2019-07-06 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Saturday, July 06, 2019 @ 2:20-3:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:**
- sarah
- e.l.
- garry
- ben
- dc

# Agenda

- Old Business
    - [x] garry: cultivate website relaunch
        - [x] update PR with tasks/todos (https://github.com/ournetworks/ournetworks.ca/pull/102)
        - [x] schedule in-person jam session with eloisa THURS
    - [ ] sarah: digital shareables
    - [x] dc: MOVE TO GH ISSUE: add garry, eloisa to alterna account signer list, drop patcon
    - [x] ben: start GitHub issue for collecting zines
    - [x] dc: prep programming schedule
    - [x] dc: email for zine set up time
    - [x] dc: email amelia based on zine
    - [x] dc: create when2meet for us to schedule programming dec'ns
    - [x] all: intentional reach out with CFP
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business [3 hr (ideally first sesh)]
    - just talk programming
    - reviewing submissions
    - keynotes
    - blue sky scheduling

# Notes

## Programming, Submissions, Keynotes

- Mostly in the sheet
    - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18ITuO_tJIRs9kl5td9rqcj3tuB5qxEihCvYDyLcTU5s/edit#gid=235814649
    - Reviewed all
    - One proposal timeline followup
    - Otherwise, all proposed revisions, or accepts
    - Framing of Dat Workshops
- Programming into slots?
    - https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/20
- Notification of Acceptance
    - Flow for presenters accepting?
    - Last year: onsite + email notification
    - This year: 
        - form on website (with extra questions RE: livestream; recording; honoraria, etc...)
        - review+update description in gh issue

## Upcoming Topics

- budget revamp
- design check-in
- zine library planning
- communicate decisions to people
- plan to get us to August (timelines on schedule up, registration launched)

# TODOs

- [ ] dc: tech + rev email
- [ ] sarah: email RE:6pm ET deadline
- [ ] dc: update speaker email drafts
- [x] dc: update spreadsheet with status of proposals
- [ ] sarah: first pass schedule
- [ ] garry: draft keynote invitation (confirm in signal with ben before sending)
- [ ] dc: cursory review of form tech
    - form to acceptance acceptance


