# 2019-08-30 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Friday, August 30, 2019 @ 17:00-18:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:**
- ben
- el
- garry
- dc

# Agenda

- Old Business
    - [ ] all: advertising push per above
        - [x] Listed on out-of-town topical mailing lists/events
            - Another round on battlemesh, Dat, IPFS, Community Networks and Local Access, other mailing lists
        - [ ] Local advertising
            - CivicTech calendar (added)
            - Announce civic tech (ben + garry, grab handbills from garry/dc)
            - Email local student groups (dc)
            - Toronto Mesh event (ben)
            - Submitted event sites (dc follow)
    - [ ] sarah: social media mailing list sheet, done wed Aug 28
        - el to help
    - [x] sarah email artists for images 
    - [x] sarah: invite (additional) performer for kickoff
    - [ ] dc: submit screening park permit
    - [ ] sarah: Sep 4 screening plan nailed down
    - [ ] ? move 2 talks from Sunday 
    - [x] dc, bl: to sync of assignment of ppl into spaces
    - [ ] we: draft our blurb about filming
    - [x] ben, sarah: take notes on the Thursday call - with Mark
    - [ ] ?: budget cost for swag and catering for next meeting
    - [x] ben: share printing summary of swag
    - [ ] garry and ben: work on sticker testprint and final order
    - [ ] dc: make buttons again first week Sept?
    - [x] dc: run alexandria coverage by Our Networks organizers
    - [ ] dc: ask abt short radio doc from daniel?
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
    - Registration and Advertising
    - Billeting
    - Accessibility
    - Zine Library
    - Budget
    - Website 
    - Environment (and para-sympathetic events)
    - Keynote

# Notes

## Registration and Advertising

- 67/$2305.00 (of $4150)
- #todo dc draft second email to mailinglist

## [Program Revisit](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18ITuO_tJIRs9kl5td9rqcj3tuB5qxEihCvYDyLcTU5s/edit?pli=1#gid=199720544) and [Remote Presenters](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/80)

- 4 remote, 2 x 30 mins, 1 x 45 mins 
- Can we reframe this as a "this is the future" what about climate crisis?!?
- dc: experience not too worried?
- bl: options:
    - regig schedule
    - shorten presentation
- How to make this reliable?
    - zoom -- maybe paid acct
        - #todo ben to look into this
    - pre-recorded
- #todo dc: respond to jaya and dan and favour Q&A

## Billeting

- Still waiting on some things coming

## Accessibility

- Two bits: childcare ($50-200), closed captioning (labour, less cost)
- bl: no childcare unless we have indication that where will be children attending prior to event, no closed captioning
- rest in favour of childcare
- #todo dc: reach out to rachele RE: childcare
- #todo --> el: twitter announce

## Zine Library

- #todo el: chatting to zine folks, social advertising
- what do we do with free zines but that have a purchase option?
    - #todo el to discuss further?
- candidate for co-working

## [Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vNI_1LzYn8_36MxNLmlIxAJSqyLfilyhDQ7qI4I9l70/edit)

- Alexandria Mirror
    > Discussed on 2019-08-26 AV call how to feature this resource DarkDrgn has been maintaining: https://alexandria.tomesh.net/
    > Main question is... can Our Networks cover CAD 57 / year Alexandria server cost?
    > (if agreed) yurko: invoice Our Networks and move server into its own account
    > (if agreed) dc/?: add the alexandria archive as an archive for ourtnets on recorded talks page
    - Consensed to go ahead with cost
- Swag
- Catering

## Website 

- Co-work on Saturday


# TODOs

- [ ] sarah: social media mailing list sheet, done wed Aug 28
- [ ] sarah: followup on email artists for images 
- [ ] dc: submit screening park permit
- [ ] sarah: Sep 4 screening plan nailed down
- [ ] ben: draft our blurb about filming
- [ ] garry and ben: work on sticker testprint and final order
- [ ] garry: ER for test print
- [ ] dc: make buttons again second week Sept?
- [x] dc: share tmac and gammaspace logos to hank (https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/96#issuecomment-526755748)
- [x] dc: infura logo to hank and website (https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/96#issuecomment-526755748)
- [ ] el: push on zine library chatting to zine folks, social advertising
- [ ] dc: reach out to rachele RE: childcare
- [ ] el: twitter announce childcare once locked down
- [ ] ben: look into zoom / A/V Q&A
- [x] dc: respond to jaya and dan and favour Q&A
- [ ] dc: draft second email to mailinglist for registration, announce keynote
- [ ] garry and ben: work on sticker final order
- [ ] dc: ask abt short radio doc from daniel?
