# 2019-01-19 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Sat, Jan 19, 2018 @ 1:00-2:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`appear.in/ournetworks`](https://appear.in/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:**  
- sarah
- garry
- dcwalk
- benhylau

# Agenda

- Previous Business
    - [x] @garry 2018 PR, release, and deploy!
    - [x] @dawn to do 2019 and request review
    - [x] @sarah email radnets about 2019 timing
    - [x] @sarah will email org team with art grant info
    - [x] @benhylau: email dweb
    - [x] @dawn email May First folks
    - [ ] @all: add tech infra req to gh!
- New Business
    - Theme
        - Revisit [Hopes and Dreams](https://hackmd.io/NAHVnJD4So6YYv8Jnn0geg?view)
        - Brainstorming sesh
    - Discuss arts grant
    - Timeline / milestones
        - Dates
        - Review 2018 calendar
    - Organizer recruitment
    - Tech infra set up (e.g., password manager)
        - Ticketing
        - Open Collective
- Standing Business
  - Run through [“In Progress”](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects)
    - Initial COC, Land Acknowledgement, License
- Other Business

# Notes

## 1/ Theme

- Back in the [Hopes and Dreams doc](https://hackmd.io/NAHVnJD4So6YYv8Jnn0geg?edit)
- "Infrastructures" too limiting?
    - DW: I think well trod ground? too well trod?
    - GI: yes, no strong opinions... but yes. Familiar.
        - more specific in conf?
- "R" words?
    - remediation
    - regeneration
    - remaking
    - reconnecting
    - resistance
- Fuzzy provocation, something like the "no more manifestos" == something instigating thought?
- Next step: co-writing? 
    - DW: LETS DO MORE EDITING THIS TIME!

## 2/ Arts Grant

- Recall:
    - Anything arts related, upcoming deadline... good chance of getting some money
        - From conversation after brainstorm: 
            - Zine lending library (Work with Toronto Zine Library?) // exhibition "Call for Zines"? <-- we pay for people to send us zines?
        - "Traditonal" Exhibition -- tied to a party, a lending library,  Poster!
        - Online presence -- invite artist to take over website, social media
        - Performance
- Email:
    - Toronto Arts Council media arts project grant, with March 4 deadline. Requires that the project take place after June 1, and with maximum funding of $15,000. https://torontoartscouncil.org/grant-programs/tac-grants/visual-and-media-arts/project-grants
    - Ontario Arts Council media arts project grant, with Feb 21 deadline. Says "cannot start before you receive your grant results" but that's not particularly clear. Suspect July would be fine. Maximum funding of $10,000. http://www.arts.on.ca/grants/media-arts-projects
    - Canada Arts Council concept to realization project grant, ongoing deadline but no reason to wait. Only specifies the event must be after the grant submission. Maximum funding of $100,000 though obviously that's a little insane for our purposes.  https://canadacouncil.ca/funding/grants/explore-and-create/concept-to-realization
- Timelines better than originally thought
- Interaccess call is 2020, one with closest deadline
- Write proposal with loose budget (some spillover funding for conf?)
    - Space
    - Accessibility
    - Publicity/Media (?)
    - Paying for designer
- SF: we should submit to all! Assume we could get one
- Write our budget based on last year and figure out which are applicable to these grants
- DW: We still have no formal status (informal collective)
- Will need a main contact, SF will want to check/confirm whether impacts other grants
    - Others willling to be point of contact
- SF: Leaning away from yami-ichi, but zine library and exhibition space
- BL: How much do we want events "isolated"...
    - SF: probably not less
    - DW: nice idea of holding space!
- Related discussions:
    - Venue (kickoff from previous, brainstorm)
        - Mozilla Community Space (Mehan)
        - TMAC
    - Audience size
    - Budgeting
- Deadline?
    - Draft in Feb 9

## 3/ Timeline / milestones
    
- 3 times:
    - late-July (not able to spill into August) B+1 G+1 S+1
        - 24-31
        - some organizers know already/still in Toronto
        - summer vibes
        - ben wants to spend his birthday with you guys
    - late-Sep D+1 S+1
        - 12-30
        - 25
    - early-Oct G+1 D+1
        - 1-15
        - check with radnet on potential date conflict (sarah and ben want to go)
- Let's do in fall, priority of September 25 to October 15 pending updates from RadNets + May First
    - Gives option for us to attend dweb
- Pick a date by.... Feb 1, goal for Jan 26 (next meeting)
- Recall 2018 timeline (parked!): 
    - 07/13-18 Our Networks (X)
    - 07/12-13 Load in (-0 weeks before)
    - 07/11 venue walkthru (-0)
    - 05/29 schedule posted (-6)
    - 05/21 registration launched (-7)
    - 05/15 submissions dec'ns (-8)
    - 05/07 CFP closes (-9)
    - 05/02 2019 website relaunch, marketing materials (poster) (-10)
    - 04/17 "Open hour #2" (-12)
    - 03/24 "Open hour #1" CFP questions (-16)
    - 03/24 2018 site launch (-16)
    - 02/28 space secured (-19)
    - 02/28 CFP posted (-19)
    - 02/24 budget prepared, sponsorship package (-20)
    - 02/18 theme finalized (-21)
    - 02/01 kickoff call (-23)

## 4/ Organizer Recruitment (parked to next time)

## 5/ Tech Infra (parked to next time)

## Next call

- Timeline / milestones
    - Dates
    - Review 2018 calendar
- Organizer recruitment
- Tech infra set up (e.g., password manager)
    - Ticketing
    - Open Collective

# TODOs

[Move to/Update project issues from this list]

- [ ] dawn: Draft drafting budget
- [ ] sarah: first pass on arts grant
- [x] dawn: Set up theme co-writing  
