# 2019-06-01 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Saturday, June 01, 2019 @ 1:00-2:00pm
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit
:family: **Attendance:**
- ben
- garry
- sarah
- eloisa
- dc


# Agenda

- Old Business
    - [ ] ben, sara (infura, Chris from bunz), dc: sponsorship outreach
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
      - Vibing
          - https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/34
      - Announce Date and Time
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
    - Advertising
    - Questions for Venue
    - Keynote Planning
    - Design Things
    - A/V
    - Sponsorships
    - Budget
        - Translation
        - AV

# Notes

- Website
    - Getting final assets from Amelia end of next week (Jun 7?)
    - Figure out interactivity the site requires
    - Easter eggs
    - Content changing?
    - Community billet / [travel visiting page](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/49)
- Next steps: working session following weekend (June 8-9)
- June 10-14 check-in
- Getting out just after after?
- Translations to FR (different languages below)
- Garry leading

## CFP Advertising

- early submissions! exciting!
- more individual posting
- how do we feel about linking to proposals repo?
    - open
    - not officially accepted
- doing a round with our look and feel?
    - digital / paper poster?
- maybe link to co-work website sesh June 8?
    - YES!
- round of advertising after June 8 with assets!

## Questions for Venue

- General questions: https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/39
- A/V needs: https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/33
- Way to do something outside?
    - program?
    - time in schedule
- Kickoff vision?
    - Amy Wibowo (@sailorhg) -- hardware hacking party? https://twitter.com/sailorhg/status/1112893702802878464
    - Free Greek and hardware nearby, workshoppy?
    - Activities; Screening?
    - Sarah has free-standing projection thing, mobile screening,
    - #TODO pick up thread post-venue workshop
- A/V
    - Early update from hank, Elon has connections to outside group?
    - Next step: call with Hank, Yurko, Elon and A/V coordinating needs
    - Standing calls?
        - Might be difficult for next bit (June/July) as we go async

## Design Things

- A/V and font wieghts for compression
- logo feedback
- doing a 2019 version based on Treatment from Amelia

## Keynote Planning

- last year:
    - one keynote
    - opening and closing done by us
- ideal keynote speaker (hopes and dreams!):
    - don't like morning keynotes +1 +1
    - two keynotes:
        - one technical keynote and one non-technical?
        - Friday then move into opening party
        - conversational format one
    -  travel costs?
        - sarah: shouldn't invite out-of-town if we cannot offer travel support
        - dc: side note.... this year do not want to encourage airbnb (explore alternatives)
        - probably budget-constraint for this year
- Early thoughts on people:
  < --✂-- snipped --✂-- >
- Come up with list of people we want to invite (keep list private)
- Invite someone in July as target
- Us as group not having to defend our curatorial choices

## Sponsorships

- Protocol Labs $ got in
- ISOC has a routing number issue
- Mozilla WINS need follow-up
- sarah: will send sponsorship emails to bunz and infura
- dc: code for science & society & qri follow-up

## Budget

- Translation honoraria
- AV honoraria
- Need to revisit with venue amts

## Upcoming Topics

- Keynote Planning
- A/V

# TODOs

- [ ] garry: cultivate website relaunch
- [ ] sarah: help with digital shareables
- [ ] ben: AV call within next 2 weeks + periodic calls in August
    - equipment needs, rentals, etc.
    - hiring people to do livestream?
    - post-processing
- [ ] dc: add garry, eloisa to alterna account signer list, drop patcon
- [ ] dc: tmac site visit
- [ ] dc: add/transfer notes and slight github cleanup
- [ ] dc: set up keynote brainstorming
- [ ] dc: sort out ISOC issue?
