# 2019-09-03 Our Networks Planning Call

:date: **Date:** Tuesday, September 3, 2019 @ 17:00-18:00pm  
:raising_hand: **Participation:** [`meet.jit.si/ournetworks`](https://meet.jit.si/ournetworks) and [calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)  
:notebook: **Notes:**: https://hackmd.io/thUKLLPMQSan3mRo2d6bGA?edit  
:family: **Attendance:** 
- sarah
- ben
- garry
- dc


# Agenda

- Old Business
    - [ ] sarah: social media mailing list sheet, done wed Aug 28 (up to Sep 9)
    - [x] sarah: followup on email artists for images
    - [ ] dc: submit screening park permit
    - [ ] sarah: Sep 4 screening plan nailed down
    - [x] ben: draft our blurb about filming
    - [ ] garry and ben: work on sticker testprint and final order
    - [ ] garry: ER for test print
    - [ ] dc: make buttons again second week Sept?
    - [x] dc: share tmac and gammaspace logos to hank (https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/96#issuecomment-526755748)
    - [x] dc: infura logo to hank and website (https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/96#issuecomment-526755748)
    - [x] el: push on zine library chatting to zine folks, social advertising
    - [ ] dc: reach out to rachele RE: childcare
    - [ ] el: twitter announce childcare once locked down
    - [ ] ben: look into zoom / A/V Q&A
    - [x] dc: respond to jaya and dan and favour Q&A
    - [ ] dc: draft second email to mailinglist for registration, announce keynote
    - [ ] dc: ask abt short radio doc from daniel?
- Standing Business
  - Run through ["In Progress"](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/projects/1)
  - Run through ["Calendar Deadlines"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=aers7atolh0uurlfmkoki9kikg%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FToronto)
- Other Business
    - Registration and Advertising
    - Billeting
    - Screening
    - Exhibition
    - Environment (and para-sympathetic events)
    - Keynote
    - Accessibility
    - Zine Library
    - Website 
    - Swag

# Notes

- Select screenings and offer CAD 50-70 honorarium to each author
- Have organizers vote privately on which films to screen
- Keynote open to public, party we need to know who we've invited (mailing list, friends)
- Registration
    - Catstrophic -> Non-embarassing (we are here) -> Win
    - Volunteers recruitment on track
- Advertising
    - Focus on Twitter
    - Another round of CivicTech
    - Local students
- Billeting
    - Matched everyone!
    - #todo dc: two final emails pairing folks
- Exhibition
    - Lots of projectors!
        - ben to bring one
        - sarah we are under NO CIRCUMSTANCES renting a projector, we are borrowing
        - #todo sarah: coordinate with dc before emailing TMAC
- Environment
    - [Global Climate Strike](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/86)
- Decolonization and [TRC](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/110)?
        - Zine library materials
        - Comments on issue about the ways we are already thinking about this
- Keynote
    - Secured! 
    - Need to get on website, email J. now that she is back from vacation
- Accessibility
    - We are doing childcare
    - Closed caption?
        - sarah: no one has asked but live cc may be costly
        - dc: doing first pass cc at event and release after
        - sarah, ben: hard to live transcribe
        - garry: take notes on a pad instead of transcribe
        - sarah: what's the use case of the notes?
        - End of conversation: no conclusion
- Website 
    - Should we move things from the Zine Library to the Gamma Workshoo Space?
        - No, this looks fine

# TODOs

- [ ] sarah: [Exhibition equipment sourcing](https://github.com/ournetworks/2019/issues/97)
- [ ] sarah: Set up screening voting
- [x] garry: Follow up with stickermule credit
- [ ] garry: Set up cart for USD 250 and order end of week latest
- [x] garry: Send sarah png export of stickers
- [ ] dc: Confirm next co-work as zine library push
- [ ] ben: Get a mesh lightning talk section on the website
- [ ] sarah: social media mailing list sheet, done wed Aug 28 (up to Sep 9)
- [x] dc: submit screening park permit
- [ ] sarah: Sep 4 screening plan nailed down
- [ ] garry and ben: work on sticker testprint and final order
- [ ] garry: ER for test print
- [ ] ben: ER for swag, A/V gear
- [ ] el: twitter announce childcare once locked down
- [ ] ben: look into zoom / A/V Q&A
- [ ] sarah: coordinate with dc before emailing TMAC RE: exhibition equipment
- [x] dc: add events to toronto sites if not added (http://rabble.ca/whatsup/our-networks-2019-re-infrastructures)
- [x] dc: email U of T school contacts
- [x] dc: email folks about environment
- [ ] dc: draft environment page
- [ ] dc: invites for mayfirst panel
- [ ] dc: draft second email to mailinglist for registration, announce keynote
- [ ] dc: ask abt short radio doc from daniel?
- [ ] dc: make buttons again second week Sept?
